and one more thing a couple of weeks ago
I started giving fake lie-detector tests
to kids
garum on our most dressed as the truth
fairy as we called you we brought some
kids in and we hooked them up to a
polygraph machine people seem to like it
so we did it again this is a young man
named Ethan Ethan his parents gave me
some information about him in advance
and I used that information to extract
the truth even a little more than the
truth from Ethan and joy
I'm gonna ask you some questions and all
you have to do is tell me the absolute
truth okay okay are you capable of doing
that yes okay good we're gonna start off
with your name what is your name
Ethan very good what grade are you in
Ethan second how old are you 8 years old
do you have a girlfriend no hmm I'm
gonna ask you again
do you have a girlfriend no what is your
girlfriend's name uh nobody
what is your name you can tell us you're
among friends
yeah Naz I talk we won't tell you mom no
it's good as crazy yeah all right let's
move on to another topic have you ever
been in trouble at school yes for what
okay I went to an appropriate it's right
because of my friend oh yeah she said it
was a game website it was a what my pain
website a game website of course but it
wasn't Wow what he was yeah what it was
you know four over there naked ladies on
it Wow goodness
did you like looking at that website
just a little bit let's get back to your
girlfriends are there any girls that you
like at school it just knows it can tell
when you're lying because something
about your body lets it know has any
girl ever tried to kiss you at school a
little bit no wow you're a tough nut to
crack
you done time where did you you want to
ask me some questions yes I'd be happy
to answer some questions okay go ahead
and ask me any questions you want yes I
do have a girlfriend just like you do
you can sense you from over here you
were now cuz you were acting like a
policeman yeah no I wasn't ask me about
your girlfriends I knew it
yeah and her hair is colored too I knew
she had coloured hair she's got
wha-ho she has no hair you have a bald
girlfriend
yes you do take him away truth fairy and
don't you ever try to bring your lies
into this room again you understand me
I'll get you